## Enlyft for Copilot
Enlyft enables B2B Sales & Marketing teams to discover the best-fit accounts among tens of millions of companies worldwide by targeting technology adoption and hundreds of business attributes.
Enlyft for Copilot provides actionable sales insights that you can use to make informed and targeted outreachs directly within Copilot and Copilot for Sales.

## Publisher: Enlyft

## Prerequisites
You will need the following to proceed:
* An Enlyft [Business Edition plan or higher](https://enlyft.com/plans).
* Connected Dyanmics365 or Salesforce CRM with Enlyft.
* A personal API access token associated with Enlyft's subscription.

## Supported Operations
The connector supports the following operations:
* `Key Sales Info`: Extends the key sales info in Copilot for Sales with Enlyft Insights.
* `Account Plan Insights`: Provides Account plan insights for the provided recordID/website and topic name.

## Obtaining Credentials
Contact Enlyft support at support@enlyft.com to get personal API access token.
Do not share your personal access token with public sources or reuse it across applications.

## Known Issues and Limitations
No known issues.

## Frequently Asked Questions
### what insights are included in key sales info in copilot for sales?
Enlyft insights include account fit and recommendations generated by proprietary Enlyft models. Additionally, these include key details about the Contact to help you better understand the prospect.
### which topics are supported by account plan operation?
- Overview
- Business Objectives and Challenges
- Competetive Environment
- Stakeholders and Influencers
Enlyft insights include account fit and recommendations generated by proprietary Enlyft models. Additionally, these include key details about the Contact to help you better understand the prospect.